this was a feathered dinosaur but these
feathers aren't for keeping warm or for
show their structure is plainly visible
from the fossils they are very long
veined and most importantly their shape
creates a perfect aerodynamic surface
and they aren't confined to its forearms
its legs - had long feathers
these feathers are designed for one
thing only flight Microraptor is a four
wing dinosaur that took to the skies
but in these Chinese forests
Microraptor isn't the only flying on
stuff
sign or nevis orders closely related and
larger
more than capable of stealing prey
but it has larger prey and
Microraptor is now the hunted
both can fly
but this isn't powered flight it's
gliding recent research has revealed how
Microraptor flew it didn't have the
muscles for powered flight so instead it
made the most of its four wings by
holding its rear legs back and to the
sides it was able to become an
incredibly efficient glider moving
through the forest in a series of long
looping glides
having longer flight feathers on both
its arms and legs
Microraptor is by far the better glider
but with no ability to gain height the
only is down
and once on the ground the long feathers
turned from an advantage into weakness
Microraptor is barely able to walk much
less wrong
sigh knowledge thesaurus has no such
problem on the forest floor the tables
are turned